the types of problems range from personal problems of your sailors to
things going wrong in the squatter, and I have experienced all types
of things that you could not even think of. And if I told you all of
them, you would not believe that they're necessarily true. However,
there are a few good examples of what you might deal with first the
personal problems, namely of your sailors. Like any group, your sailors
are composed of a rep originally representative cross section
of society. So as good as they are, they're going to make mistakes and
do things that are questionable. Sometimes we've I've been involved
with figuring out how we're going to deal with a sailor who got a
d. Y with a 0.21 b a. C. Um, I've also had to deal with the problems
of on aircraft. Uh, that dropped a cargo load into the ocean as they
were moving it from one ship to another. We've dealt with problems
with, uh, with on enlisted person who decided the best way to contain
the venom of a snakebite was to shoot office thumb. Uh, just I mean,
the types of problems you deal with our are myriad, and you can
never guess wth e the what the extreme spectrum of those problems would
be. Typically, there things, they're very tractable, and you can
you can understand the problem pretty well doesn't make it easy, but
it's it's something you can understand. Being in a helicopter squadron,
we saw people. One of the main things we did there was move people
and we had to move all kinds of people, and sometimes a lot of
the time it was a last minute thing that people didn't think about.
Seemingly though they may have, uh, we had to figure out how we were
going to get an aircraft ready to ensure that this particular admiral
could get to the ship he needed to get Thio at any one time. Sounds
like an easy and an easy issue to deal with, But there are a lot
of steps involved there, and if you are, if you don't anticipate this
problems, there's types of things, then it's gonna be much more difficult
to deal with. But that's where experience comes in. The experience
you gain as a junior officer and in subsequent duty stations
regards it Sure or C tour will help prepare you to deal with the problems
that you can't even think of today,